c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bg_0.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bg_1.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bg_2.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bg_3.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bg_4.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bg_5.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bubble.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bubble_blue.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bubble_green.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bubble_red.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\bubble_yellow.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\GameFont.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\launcher.xnb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.exe
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.deps.json
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.pdb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Comgame.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.pdb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\Comgame.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\MidtermProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Comgame.dll
